Update Testing-Releases.md (#3011)
microsoft/fhir-server: docs/Testing-Releases.md

# Testing FHIR Server for Azure Releases

## Description
This guide provides information to deploy OSS FHIR Server with latest release. This provides you the flexibility to run your own integration test suite, against the latest OSS version of FHIR API.

## Understanding the changes in the release

> To understand the changes shipped as part of a particular OSS release. Refer to the content under  [releases](https://github.com/microsoft/fhir-server/releases) section in Github.

Reviewer: suggestion
```suggestion
To understand the changes shipped as part of a particular OSS release. Refer to the content under the [releases](https://github.com/microsoft/fhir-server/releases) section.
```

> After an OSS release has been created, these assets will be staged in the next deployment of Azure release. The deployments for FHIR Service will usually roll out the following week after the OSS release.

Reviewer: Since we release on Fridays, it was a little ambiguous to me if the intended meaning is "the very next week", or "OSS Release +1 week"

## What to focus on

> There is a week between OSS release and Azure -FHIR release, with few exceptions (please see discalimer below). We suggest you to run your tests against latest OSS release to catch issues that impact your service. 

Reviewer: Somes suggestions / fixes...

```suggestion
There is a week between OSS releases and Azure FHIR releases, with occasional exceptions (please see disclaimer below). This process provides an option to run your tests against the latest OSS release, this is an opportunity to verify or catch issues that impact your service. 
```

You have two options depending on the severity of the issue: 
1. You may open an [issue](https://github.com/microsoft/fhir-server/issues/new/choose) against the Github repository. We actively triage these and will work on this as best effort. 

> 2. If you have an Azure API for FHIR account, you can also raise a support ticket with concern on the next release.

Reviewer: markdown tip: you can repeat `1.` in markdown and it will assume a numbered list :)

```
1. a
1. b
```
renders as:
1. a
1. b

## How

> 1. Follow the [steps](/blob/main/docs/DefaultDeployment) to deploy FHIR Service.

Reviewer: will this link work? should it be `/docs/DefaultDeployment.md`?
